So far for a method inside of this class will only have drive.
But we could also add in another function here, and I say function.
I can say, for instance, speed and we can pass parameters, right?
I can say mean speed.
S. And I would say also max speed as an integer like that.
And then inside here and just going to go and say print and mean speed is pass our mean speed and max
speed.
In this case, max speed has such.
All right.
That means when we have our car, I can just go ahead and say car dot speed and pass the mean speed
like this.
Let's say 100.
This person goes really fast and max speed one hundred and ninety nine.
Go ahead and run this again.
You can see everything that we've seen before, but we also see that we have mean speed and max speed
of 100 199.
They have it.
So we have the very basics in this case of a class, my car class or created, and we can obviously
call the drive again so I can see car drive to invoke the drive function.
You should be able to see that we know that mean speed is 100, Max is 189.
It's going to drive and we say colors, car color.
And then we print in the color of the car, which is black and model Al-Alam fact must be clean here.
Let's put that.
All right.
So I hope at this point, we were able to at least wrap your head around how to create classism.
First of all, what is a class and then how do we create objects from that class?
And then how do we pass properties via the primary constructor?
And how Kotlin makes it way easier to do so?
All right.
And we have this in its block where we can initialize some code that we want to prepare this class before
it's before it's instantiated into an object.
If this is the first time looking at object or any programming language, I take your time.
This is a concept that usually for beginners.
If you are a beginner, which I'm not assuming you are, but you may be, it may take a little while
to really conceptualize idea.
Right?
So that's why I use the car example so that I can give you some ideas of what is it that we're trying
to do when we talk about class, what what a class is and how to instantiate an object from that class,
especially in codling.
All right, so what I want you to do before you go to the next video is to do the same thing, think
of another representation of a class so you can find in your life.
So usually it comes from and noun like car, a person, a country, a noun can be represented as a class
and then instantiated into an object.
Think of other nouns or other objects that can.
You can use and reverse engineer to create a class of and then create objects of that class.